I think the biggest benefit that I have as a computer scientist is the
fact that it's pretty fun for me. It's like playing a video game sometimes.
I'm doing my job, I'm doing my work and you know, I'm thinking,
like, you know, three-four steps down the line and you know, another
friend comes over, he looks over my shoulder and, "Oh, did you
try this?" and like, "Well, I want to do it this way" and there's like
3-4 different ways that you can do it and, you know, I try to do
it and he does it over my shoulder and then I have to say, "Oh wow,
you know that was a lot better. You know, it's faster, it's has less
code. You know, I learned something". So, yeah basically, it's fun.